JWT fix (#855)
kgateway-dev/kgateway.dev: assets/docs/pages/security/jwt/claim-based-rbac.md

   Verify that you get a `200 OK` response.

> 3. Save a token that does not have the `team=dev` claim, then repeat the request. This example uses a token for a user named Bob, who has the `team=ops` claim. The token is signed by the same key as the inline JWKS, so it passes JWT verification, but it does not match the `rbac` policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Save a token that does not have the `team=dev` claim, then repeat the request. This example uses a token for a user named Bob, who has the `team=ops` claim. The token is signed by the same private key so that the JWT passes verification with the inline JWKS that you defined in your policy. Verify that the request is denied with a 403 HTTP response. 
```
